---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: projects

meta:
  keywords: "hci, games, machine learning, web"

project:
  title: "FIERO"
  type: "hci, games, machine learning, web"
  url: "https://doi.org/10.1145/3831305"
  logo: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/port_2026_fiero.jpg"
  tech: "hci, games, machine learning, web"
  people: "Chu Zhang, Xiaoke Zeng, Vince Siu, Richard Allen, RAY LC"

agency:
  title: "City University of Hong Kong ACIM, University of York, University of Canterbury, Press Start Academy, CityU Teaching Development Grant"
  url: "https://doi.org/10.1145/3831305"
  year: "2026"

videos:
  - video:
    type: youtube
    id: ""

images:
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Fig1.jpg"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Fig2.jpg"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Fig3.jpg"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Interface.jpg"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Fig10.jpg"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/fiero/Fig11.jpg"
---
<p>
"Playing together to write together."<br><br>
Creativity often flourishes in collaboration, such as when designers brainstorm a new app together, or storytellers collectively build a world with elements of each person's narrative. However, collaborative storytelling can have challenges for participants, such as when they disagree about the plot proposed, or when different ideas become fragmented when voiced individually. While current tools for creative collaboration focus on synchronous online text sharing, they often neglect the social dynamics of in-person collaboration critical to creative synergy. To address this, we created FIERO, a multiplayer web-based card game. Physical cards provide tangible scaffolding and social interaction, while the digital interface generates contextual visuals, facilitate group decisions, ensure narrative coherence, and synthesize different idea contributions using Generative AI. Compared against online collaborative writing alone, the game significantly enhanced intuitive stimulation, idea fluency, and novelty generation, and improved the plot coherence of the stories created (N=60). The cards provided creative structure and social engagement, while the application interface provided contextualized augmentation without affecting player agency. This work shows how collaborative play can foster creative support.<br><br>

Publication: <a href="https://doi.org/10.1145/3831305"><u>Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (CHI PLAY'26)</u></a>, <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2607.11837"><u>arxiv</u></a>.</p>
